# Meeting Minutes Tuesday 26/03/19

## Participants
|Present|Absent|
|:-----:|:----:|
|Chris||
|Alex B||
|Alex O||
|Josh||
|Tom||
||Patrick|


## Agenda
1. Feeback from Audit 1
2. Project Discussion


## 1. Feedback from Audit 1
### Software
* To update decision log for software.

### Hardware
* Josh to hold off currently; awaiting hardware confirmation from Ben.
* Questions raised regarding why we have two versions of the Veincam. This necessity will be verified once software is optimised.

### Governance
* Need to keep filling out everything as we go along. Keep everything up to date as when we start to rapid prototype this can fall by the wayside.
* Decision log can now be accessed from the conops.
* An introduction for the Veincam on the repo landing page has been added.
* Discussion with client to be documented.

## Actionables
* Actionables noted in Feedback and Action Items from Audit 1 doc.


## 2. Project Discussion
### Software
* Meeting on discord tonight with Alex B, Patrick and Chris to decide on next steps regarding OpenCV and image processing.

### Hardware
* Josh to hold off currently; awaiting hardware confirmation from Ben. Also waiting on software to catch up.
* Currently aiming to have a not completely enclosed case; top and bottom sides in acryclic, where the inside (board) can be seen.
* Need to decide on how to mount IR filter.
* Need to maintain focus on producing an inexpensive model; discussion of expensive hardware being unnecessary and out of scope (between Alex O and Josh).

### Governance
* No longer aiming to approach ANU Ethics due to no desire to do public testing, commercialise or go to market. Sole focus has become that of delivering a kit.
* Ben potentially getting a high-school involved.

## Deliverables by next week
* ConOps sign off.
* If boards arrive soon, Josh will be able to grab firmware of Software team and test and verify that boards work.
* Josh to aim to get enclosures cut with laser if possible (not a hard deliverable).
* Aim to show why we are potentially opting for two models as we will be able to verify that code is working on said hardware. To then check how IR filter works and start desigining Zero board; hardware is well ahead.
* Chris to document discussions with Ben.
* Software decisions to be made tonight during Discord meeting.

* Be prepared for Audit 2 (Tuesday 2/4/19); clarify what outputs have been produced to date. Governence should be at a level where it can be maintained while outputs from Software and Hardware since Audit 1 should be noted. What has been achieved to date? What is yet to be done?
